well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about something that we've all
recognized we may have known before but
now it's it's something that nobody in
the United States can deny it's one of
those things that's just completely been
exposed and it should change the way our
country looks at something but before we
will get into that I want to kind of
give thanks to all the people working in
grocery stores and big-box stores and in
gas stations and pharmacies all of those
people who are right now doing what has
to be done literally has to be done
that's what we have to recognize and we
have to really bring that and do into
the national consciousness because for a
very long time in this country there's
been the idea that if you're working in
a job with a plastic nametag well you've
done something wrong you didn't play the
game right somehow you have made poor
life decisions that put you in that
position the reality is these jobs are
essential quote they're essential they
have to happen society is structured in
a way where there are going to be people
doing these jobs has nothing to do with
their character it has nothing to do
with decisions that they made somebody
is going to do them we need them too
while many of the higher paying jobs are
hanging out at home right now those in
those professions they're getting up
every day going into work and risking
their lives and yet we're appreciate it
now
I really hope that we maintain that
class solidarity with them when all the
dust settles we've been forced to
recognize openly publicly that these
jobs are essential to our society they
have to occur if a job is being
performed and it is essential it must
occur for society to function I would
suggest that anybody performing that job
should have a decent standard of living
I don't think that anybody who is
fulfilling a job fulfilling a role in
society that is so important they don't
get to stay home right now they
shouldn't have to worry about their
bills or health insurance they should
have a decent standard of living but we
have been conditioned to pretend like
those positions can be done by anybody
and maybe sure they're unskilled labor
quote yeah you say that until you're at
a fast-food joint and it takes 20
minutes yeah it's a skill
I would really hope that when all of the
dust settles from this we use it as a a
teachable moment for ourselves and we
make the changes necessary there's a lot
of good that can come out of this but we
have to be willing to remember what we
learned during it saying thank you right
now yeah it may make you feel good but
you know what'll make them feel good if
come election time we support those
people who support them we push to make
sure that they have a decent standard of
living I think that's the bare minimum
that we can do as a society anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night